
 I must say they were not cheering to me, for amongst them were "Ordog"--Satan, "pokol"--hell, "stregoica"--witch, "vrolok" and "vlkoslak"--both of which mean the same thing, one being Slovak and the other Servian for something that is either were-wolf or vampire.
 One of those big bats that they call vampires had got at her in the night, and what with his gorge and the vein left open, there wasn't enough blood in her to let her stand up, and I had to put a bullet through her as she lay.
 Some sailor may have brought one home, and it managed to escape; or even from the Zoölogical Gardens a young one may have got loose, or one be bred there from a vampire.
 She was bitten by the vampire when she was in a trance, sleep-walking--oh, you start; you do not know that, friend John, but you shall know it all later--and in trance could he best come to take more blood.
 Usually when the Un-Dead sleep at home"--as he spoke he made a comprehensive sweep of his arm to designate what to a vampire was "home"--"their face show what they are, but this so sweet that was when she not Un-Dead she go back to the nothings of the common dead.
 What then does this absolute content mean? Can it be that      his instinct is satisfied as to the vampire's ultimate triumph?      Stay; he is himself zoöphagous, and in his wild ravings outside the      chapel door of the deserted house he always spoke of "master.
  "There are such beings as vampires; some of us have evidence that they exist.
 This vampire which is amongst us is of himself so strong in person as twenty men; he is of cunning more than mortal, for his cunning be the growth of ages; he have still the aids of necromancy, which is, as his etymology imply, the divination by the dead, and all the dead that he can come nigh to are for him at command; he is brute, and more than brute; he is devil in callous, and the heart of him is not; he can, within limitations, appear at will when, and where, and in any of the forms that are to him; he can, within his range, direct the elements; the storm, the fog, the thunder; he can command all the meaner things: the rat, and the owl, and the bat--the moth, and the fox, and the wolf; he can grow and become small; and he can at times vanish and come unknown.
 We have on our side power of combination--a power denied to the vampire kind; we have sources of science; we are free to act and think; and the hours of the day and the night are ours equally.
 In fine, let us consider the limitations of the vampire in general, and of this one in particular.
 Does not the belief in vampires rest for others--though not, alas! for us--on them? A year ago which of us would have received such a possibility, in the midst of our scientific, sceptical, matter-of-fact nineteenth century? We even scouted a belief that we saw justified under our very eyes.
 Take it, then, that the vampire, and the belief in his limitations and his cure, rest for the moment on the same base.
 The vampire live on, and cannot die by mere passing of the time; he can flourish when that he can fatten on the blood of the living.
 Van Helsing whispered to me:--  "Jonathan is in a stupor such as we know the Vampire can produce.
 I seemed to become more wakeful, and myriads of horrible fancies began to crowd in upon my mind--all of them connected with death, and vampires; with blood, and pain, and trouble.
  To one thing I have made up my mind: if we find out that Mina must be a vampire in the end, then she shall not go into that unknown and terrible land alone.
 I suppose it is thus that in old times one vampire meant many; just as their hideous bodies could only rest in sacred earth, so the holiest love was the recruiting sergeant for their ghastly ranks.
 How he has been making use of the zoöphagous patient to effect his entry into friend John's home; for your Vampire, though in all afterwards he can come when and how he will, must at the first make entry only when asked thereto by an inmate.
 The time is coming for action; to-day this Vampire is limit to the powers of man, and till sunset he may not change.
  Before they retired the Professor fixed up the room against any coming of the Vampire, and assured Mrs.
 The Count had his own purposes when he gave her what Van Helsing called "the Vampire's baptism of blood.
 I can see the characteristics of the vampire coming in her face.
 Vampire.
" Here Jonathan interrupted him hotly:--  "Do you mean to say, Professor Van Helsing, that you would bring Mina, in her sad case and tainted as she is with that devil's illness, right into the jaws of his death-trap? Not for the world! Not for Heaven or Hell!" He became almost speechless for a minute, and then went on:--  "Do you know what the place is? Have you seen that awful den of hellish infamy--with the very moonlight alive with grisly shapes, and every speck of dust that whirls in the wind a devouring monster in embryo? Have you felt the Vampire's lips upon your throat?" Here he turned to me, and as his eyes lit on my forehead he threw up his arms with a cry: "Oh, my God, what have we done to have this terror upon us!" and he sank down on the sofa in a collapse of misery.
 I began to fear that the fatal spell of the place was upon her, tainted as she is with that Vampire baptism.
  Her, I had not dare to take into this place, but left safe from the Vampire in that Holy circle; and yet even there would be the wolf! I resolve me that my work lay here, and that as to the wolves we must submit, if it were God's will.
 Had it but been for myself the choice had been easy, the maw of the wolf were better to rest in than the grave of the Vampire! So I make my choice to go on with my work.
 She lay in her Vampire sleep, so full of life and voluptuous beauty that I shudder as though I have come to do murder.
 So he delay, and delay, and delay, till the mere beauty and the fascination of the wanton Un-Dead have hypnotise him; and he remain on and on, till sunset come, and the Vampire sleep be over.
 And there remain one more victim in the Vampire fold; one more to swell the grim and grisly ranks of the Un-Dead!.
  This then was the Un-Dead home of the King-Vampire, to whom so many more were due.
 I was glad to see her paleness and her illness, for my mind was full of the fresh horror of that ruddy vampire sleep.
